Hello Freak bitches.
Well,
is being a comedian too,
you mean?
No.
Oh,
it's a bunch of different possibilities,
but it was so chaotic.
Like his,
his comedy was so wild and crazy.
Like there was,
he was a real ground breaker in that way.
Why else did you get into being a comedian?
I Dunno,
I got talking to you ain't doing it.
No,
I wasn't really very funny.
Yeah.
So it's just you and your mom and your sister?
Yeah,
well my mom remarried my Stepdad who she's still with him.
he's great guy.
Okay.
Yeah,
super lucky.
He's a real good guy.
But um,
it was uh,
I got talked into doing stand up by my friends from martial arts
for real cause we would,
well you must've been funny.
Well I was only funding,
I was like gallows humor.
We would go to compete like,
like,
or we would be about the spar and I would be,
the guy would make everybody laugh because everybody was so nervous because it
was scary.
You beat the shit out of each other,
you know?
And then we would go to these competitions so he'd get on a bus and travel
across the country to go fight in these tournaments.
And it was super nerve wracking.
Everyone was super nervous so you could cut the tension with a knife.
So I would always like be doing impressions of people having sex and making
jokes.
And I just,
this was like long before I ever thought about being comedian.
I was just trying to lighten up the mood and that's how I got into stand up.
So hold on a minute.
So see,
this is a bit of a surprise to me because when people fight,
you know,
semi professionally or otherwise or at school or what have you,
it's nerve wracking.
That's terrifying because you're scared of
pain,
violence,
the anticipation of the possibility of losing.
You're worried about the,
just all the possibilities.
There's the just a full realm of things
can happen.
Why do you do it?
I know I'm sounding like a mortar on,
I just have never had the opportunity to ask anyone who's ever done this.
Um,
I was very insecure and um,
I got bullied and I wasn't big.
I was a small kid and I was really nervous and I did not like that feeling at
all.
And I did,
I was always,
we were always moving around a lot.
We was moved to new places.
I was always the new kid.
No,
my,
my mom married my Stepdad.
We moved across the country from New Jersey to San Francisco and then we lived
there for a while and then we moved to Florida and then we moved to Boston and
he,
he switched careers and he was a computer programmer and then became an
architect.
And so this is a lot.
Yeah,
there's a lot of traveling and I just was always the,
the new kid and the new kid gets fucked boys.
And most of the time it was fine,
but as we got started getting older,
that's when it got creepy.
Like most of the time it was no big deal.
Like at nine and 10 it's no big deal,
but when it gets to be like 13 and 14,
then it starts getting violent.
And so like kids would pick on me and I didn't know how to fight.
And it drove me crazy.
Like I was like,
God,
I fucking,
I hate the fact that when these kids want to fight me,
I don't know what to do and I'm,
I'm terrified.
So I'd be like,
go,
go home the long way around.
So I'd avoid everybody and that kind of shit.
So I decided to learn martial arts.
I said,
well,
what am I afraid of?
I'm afraid of people that know how to fight.
Well,
I'm really know how to fight.
So I went into,
it did,
it became my whole life like from,
from high school freshman year on really from,
um,
15 is when I went crazy.
So from 15 on a,
that's all I did every day,
like six,
seven days a week I was teaching,
I was,
I became a,
I was teaching when I was 17,
I was a,
that's what I was doing.
Like every day I was teaching at Boston University when I was 18 and 19 and I
was,
became my whole life.
Born in Boston.
No,
I was born in New Jersey.
I come,
you don't have the crazy accident.
Got Rid of it.
Hurt myself on TV.
I won the bay state games.
It was this big,
like an Olympic festival.
Um,
whether they had all the Olympic sports and was taekwondo had not been in the
Olympics yet,
but it was about to be,
so they had it in the bay state games and I won.
So they interviewed me on TV and I remember Tom,
I was like very specifically say we were working really hard and I was like,
oh,
I heard that accent.
It was so bad.
I heard the video and I was like,
oh my God,
what the Fuck is wrong with me?
Like I had taken on that accent out of insecurity because I only lived there
since I was 13 so from 13 to 19 and six years I developed a stupid accident.
I wanted to finish it.
Yeah.
And then I realized I'd done it once,
so I abandoned that.
But it'll come out a little bit if I get drunk like every now and then somebody,
some words because he didn't grow up in it.
Of course it's gross when you hear it at a girl fact.
It's just like,
it's like too many Ar,
the ar thing,
it stretches out.
Although the artist didn't speak like that.
No,
I wish this beautiful.
I like that accent is pretty,
there's something about the Boston accent,
just particularly gross.
So sorry to these questions.
Please don't worry about it.
You are fighting.
And then your pile talked you into becoming my friends,
Steve Graham to my friends,
ed shorter and Steve Graham,
Steve Graham,
still one of my best friends today.
He was an ophthalmologist at the time
and still encourage you to go to,
he told me I should be a comedian in class or like literally grabbed me by my
shoulders and said,
you should be a comedian.
So then what happened?
I went to an open mic night.
I watched the amateurs try it.
And one of the good things about amateurs is,
uh,
if you go to watch,
like most of them don't know what they're doing,
they're terrible.
So I was like,
okay,
well I can't be as,
you know,
at least I'm not going to be the only one who sucks.
So like if,
if I go up and do that,
I can do what they're doing.
They suck.
I suck too,
but they suck.
So it's not like you're going up and Richard Pryor's on Richard,
Jenny and all this,
you could take the competition.
Well,
no,
I felt like I wouldn't be the only one who sucked.
Like people who really suck inspire you to do it because they'll,
they lower the bar of expectations.
Cause like if I went up there and it was all these really amazing Comedians,
and then to me,
I'd be like,
oh,
I can't do this.
I said,
I'm fucking terrible at it because the learning curve of standup comedy so long.
Sure.
And especially when you're 21 you don't know shit.
But I didn't know anything about life or anything.
Well of course you didn't.
Exactly.
Yeah.
So I was terrible,
but somehow or another,
these guys talk me into doing it.
So do you still do your up?
Yeah.
Constantly.
That's great.
Yeah.
You turn it around on me.
Sure.
Unless you're dead.
Yeah,
it does.
Clever girl.
Hmm.
Yeah.
I don't know about that.
I wish you don't.
You don't think you're clever?
[inaudible]
okay.